Chris Berman halftime to the Pro Bowl 17
all pretty little story for these guys
exactly Fenton your team began 14 and
all drew your team began 30 no no so
it's rare that we can sit and talk about
the same thing to two different teams in
the very same season do not lose the
game till around Christmas give or take
you've been around football a long time
what was that like it's been a special
season and it's been different but if
you look back at our games individually
kind of starting with this game down
here in Miami I think we had the ball
for 15 minutes on offense yet we somehow
found a way to win the game and that's
kind of been I've seen all year somehow
let's find a way somebody make a play in
the third quarter in the fourth quarter
to kind of get us over the top and it's
been different guys all year like Drew
said we had a lot of young guys to play
this year they stepped up and it's kind
of been that way for us in the playoffs
and so it's been a fun season and fun
team to be a part of do you look back
and say boy now that if we're at the
Super Bowl I wonder if wonder if
everybody had played those other two
games we might have been at the adult
boma one thing I think that the best
thing out team has done this year is we
moved off in the previous week whether
there's a great win there was a a unique
difficult situation in that regular
season game against the Jets our team
has dealt with it and we moved on and
returned turn negatives into positives
and and so I have
don't look back if somebody would have
gotten hurt in that game they wouldn't
be here today so we're glad to be in
this game and that's what it's all about
so drew 13 or no your first loss is
right around Christmas again you've been
around football for a what you know
never did anticipate then what was it
like if some of your wins were
incredible yeah you know we found the
way to win in a lot of different ways I
mean at times it was you know scoring a
ton of points at other times it was you
know coming back from a 21 down or the
defense coming up with a huge stop the
end of the game or getting a huge
turnover the offense going down and
scoring or kicking a field goal so I
think like Peyton said you know you just
you just find a way to win at the end
and I think you just build up this con
for this level in this belief that no
matter what the situation we're gonna
find a way and sure enough we did 21
different guys I think scored a point
for the Saints
now that's everybody including the
waterboy I didn't know he was open he
was then Peyton you mate I mean the big
names quote were shut down the last game
are pretty much by the Jets here are
some names that now went to the
forefront like poly a Marshall I pay
those guys that this responded they
stepped up to the plate all year long
but you never know in many camps or in
training camp how a guy's gonna respond
when the lights turn on but all our
young players just have a good look in
their eyes they've really benefited from
veteran leadership from guys like Reggie
Wayne receivers coach Claude
Richardson's done a great job with those
guys so it's an older player it makes
you feel young again and kind of be
enthusiastic about playing with these
young guys drew you come into this game
what is what mistake can the Saints not
make or else you'll be in trouble
well I think a lot of our success is
determined by our preparation throughout
this week and the fact that this is all
a new experience for all of us you know
we've been able to get some words of
wisdom from Sean Payton because he was
at the Super Bowl as an offensive
coordinator with the the Giants back in
2000 and so he's tried to you know
prepare us for the distractions of you
know the media and this and that the
hoopla just trying to find a way to
focus and concentrate you know keep your
preparation your routine very much the
same so when it comes to game time it's
you know hey we're here at already pain
let me tv8 for a minute
Dwight Freeney obviously playing hurt
with a ligament problem to expect him to
go you guys have to make changes how was
he doing yeah so they can't speculate
all that
what his situation is but I will say
this all season long we've had different
guys maybe have not been able to go
maybe have not been able to be a hundred
percent and our team just doesn't make
excuses that way those call those talks
about picking up the bayonet somebody's
gonna pick it up and go through their
job and that's kind of been our theme
all year and if that happens to be the
case this Sunday
I certainly hope it doesn't I think
somebody will step up and do their job
one mistake can the Colts not make
against the same baby but certainly when
you're playing against the Saints
obviously you're focused on trying to
deal with their defense but you also
know that you know drew in their office
you're gonna gonna make their plays and
score their points better keep it close
at some point you can't fall too far
behind because they're so explosive but
but their defense is so opportunistic
just saw Jamie sharper over there and
you know he's around the ball non-stop
Vilma's around the ball so this all Evan
guys are so active and so you got to
find a way to score points on them to
protect the ball at the same time you
better be scoring enough to try to keep
up with Drew in their office all right
so scoring points you guys scored 510
you guys at the Saints did Drew that
Peyton you guys certainly know how to
score points and bunches do we have a
final score for Senator what Dana came
in and at it look I'm the Swami
but I'm the Queen thing it at this
moment drew what do you think I expected
to be back and forth to be close and
it's gonna be exciting yeah that's why
that's why I drew and I are gonna be
playing and not in this studio we're not
good at predicting scores like that so I
think it's going to be an exciting game
but you're really gonna have to look and
see oh they're really out to a big start
we better go right honestly you want to
start it out late don't like Drew and I
said all season long
folks have had a lot of great comebacks
the Saints happen so you know it's a 60
minute games and then you got to be
careful saying and we better get off to
a good start and if we don't we're not
gonna win and I don't think that's true
I think it's a 60 minute game and sure
you want every play that you put in to
go perfectly but it's football it's not
gonna go far BP is just kind of hanging
in there and both teams of eight will do
that all year so we'll see what happens
for the first time since 1993 the top
dog in the NFC's playing the top dog in
the AFC two great quarterbacks two
better people Peyton Manning threw Brees
have fun Sunday 17 all